so i'm going to show you kind of how
this Tool Works real quick all right let
me close some of this stuff up all right
so you'll start the tool many of you
will probably have the shortcut in the
top directory right here as you first
open it now if you do not find it it
will be in the bin section and then
debug and then you'll see the exe now
that one's XML file so that's not going
to work but you can see this one right
here or says TLT that one right there is
the application so you can open that up
now once you open it you're going to see
nothing open and you're gonna say well
this thing's broken what happened it
does not open with the program directly
on the top it actually goes to minimize
mode directly so it's right here it's
this little black counter right here so
what you'll do is you'll go ahead and
open it up and that's what it looks like
right off the bat now what you'll do is
you will insert proxy IP addresses in
here okay and then you'll hit the start
button now very simply it has users per
hour so you say how many people you want
it to try and hit your site every hour
two thousand and then it'll shut off
when it hits twenty thousand total for
the day okay now scheduling options are
back here you just put a comma in
between it so you need to put in the
number it's kind of a military so if
it's a you know five o'clock p.m. then
you say 1700 and then if you want to
start again at eleven o'clock p.m. you
say 2300 and you can do it as many times
you want to per day so there's that
scheduling option now what you'll do
here and I'll show you how to put the IP
addresses in here is you can go to
different places wherever you scrape
your IP address from this is the IP
address it's always dot dot dot there's
three so there's one two three four
different fields and in the last one you
see the colon right here 3128 that's the
port number so the way you want to do it
is the IP number colon port number okay
so let's go into the debug file where
you're going to find that it works
proxies okay so you'll come in here and
you can edit this file directly from the
proxy file you can add as many as you
want to from it and let me just go add
some so you can see what it looks like
we added how about proxy heaven will go
there first I'm just going to go to leap
proxies you cannot use socks proxies you
cannot use socks for socks5 proxies at
this time I'm going to make it sucks
available to use those but it's going to
take me just a little bit more time now
anybody who does get this tool will be
opting in in order to get the tool I
strongly suggest you do not opt out
after getting the tool because i will
give anybody and everybody free updates
as soon as they come out whenever they
come out for pretty much as long as i'm
going to be developing this little tool
so if i ever update anything you may
want to have some notice of that because
you get the free update now the way it
works is you got the l1 hi anonymous it
works with any l1 l2 l3 type it won't
work with these type email proxies use
it for email only will work for any of
these so we see a bunch of them in here
and you just grab this entire list if
you want to and put it in so we'll grab
that list and we'll put it in here we'll
grab this list right here to select all
that didn't work
we'll grab that list too and there's a
bunch right there and if we want to we
can go grab more let's might as well go
grab more right now it's good to have a
huge proxy list for this because a lot
of them are going to burn out throughout
the day or throughout a couple week time
or something like that and you won't be
able to use them as proxies anymore I
will be putting a function in there that
actually removes proxies that don't go
through a certain amount of times it's
just as I have ideas I'm implementing
them so you know I'll be sitting there
and wake up in the middle of the night
and have an idea and then I'll have to
call my software guy and say hey I want
you to add this to and then you know he
adds it to it what up so as well save
this file now and you'll have to reopen
the tool in order to get it to update
for the time being I think I had a
reload function in there forgive me if I
did see now I've got two of them open
remember if you close the window doesn't
necessarily close it you have to close
it from here so let's see if we had a
reload function okay now I've got okay
so it does have a real of function i do
not have to close it and open it like I
see it already implement that so now
I've got 4,000 in there instead of 7 45
so now I'm going to hit let's just say
5,000 an hour just you can see how it
goes well hit start so as you see it's
starting to request I've got 29 hits 30
hits 31 33 34 35 36 37 39 now after i
had the feature of taking out the
proxies that don't work anymore this
would be a much better quicker tool just
because everything would be much better
success rate it has a pretty good
success rate as it is but it'd be much
better that way and then you could
calculate per hours a little bit easier
and actually be more right on right now
what we're doing is just thrown as many
as we can at this and we'll see how it
goes so we got 4439 i could just say
4439 and see how many and
hits and then estimate but anyways as
you see right now we've got 70 hits now
on site and Counting and that's all
since hi I just hit that button so
that's how that works very very impt
simple easy quick very easy for you to
go out there and start knocking hits
here so I just make sure you got Alexa
toolbar installed to your site so let's
talk about Alexa real quick will say
Alexa toolbar we're going to go there
and I'm going to show you how that works
here just for a moment